[18.0] [MIG] contract_payment_mode_brand (#260)
OCA/brand: contract_payment_mode_brand/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This addon limit payment mode selection is contract to the brand allowed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This addon limits payment mode selection in contract to the brand's allowed
```
